README.md, before:

# podcast-social-network

#### By [Esti Shay](https://www.github.com/estishay), [Jeff Bailey](https://github.com/northwestjeff), & [Schola Choi](https://github.com/scholachoi)

## Description

GoodReads for podcasts.

## Technology

This project will use Python, Django, JavaScript, jQuery, HTML, and CSS.

#### Setup/Installation Requirements

To run this project, see Requirements.txt (coming soon).

## Specifications

### User Stories / MVP

As a listener, I want to...
* Log in and log out in order to view and update my account.
  * Authentication system
  * Login page
* See a ‘newsfeed’ of my connections’ activity in order to easily get recommendations from friends.
  * Newsfeed includes: Likes and Subscribes by friends we "Listen" to
* “Like” episodes or podcasts in order for others to see my recommendations.
* Connect with other podcast listeners in order to tell others about great content and learn about great content from others.
  * User record includes references to other user accounts
* Stream podcasts from my subscriptions in order to enjoy content.
  * HTML streaming features embedded in page
* Subscribe to podcasts in order to have quick access to favorites.
* Search and browse by title to podcasts (and episodes) in a single app in order to find new and interesting podcasts to listen to.

### Future Features:
1. Newsfeed will include new episodes of podcasts I subscribe to.
2. Login will be embedded on website's homepage instead of a separate page.
3. Podcasters can advertise live shows, etc. in their subscribers' newsfeed; settings to allow users to opt in/out of such notices.


### License

Copyright &copy; 2018 Esti Shay, Jeff Bailey, Schola Choi

Commit message:

add photo credit and Heroku link to README

README.md, after:

# podcast-social-network

#### By [Esti Shay](https://www.github.com/estishay) & [Jeff Bailey](https://github.com/northwestjeff)

## Description

GoodReads for podcasts.

We're live on Heroku: https://podcast-social-network.herokuapp.com

## Technology

This project will use Python, Django, JavaScript, jQuery, HTML, and CSS.

#### Setup/Installation Requirements

To run this project, see Requirements.txt.

## Specifications

### User Stories / MVP

As a listener, I want to...
* Log in and log out in order to view and update my account.
  * Authentication system
  * Login page
* See a ‘newsfeed’ of my connections’ activity in order to easily get recommendations from friends.
  * Newsfeed includes: Likes and Subscribes by friends we "Listen" to
* “Like” episodes or podcasts in order for others to see my recommendations.
* Connect with other podcast listeners in order to tell others about great content and learn about great content from others.
  * User record includes references to other user accounts
* Stream podcasts from my subscriptions in order to enjoy content.
  * HTML streaming features embedded in page
* Subscribe to podcasts in order to have quick access to favorites.
* Search and browse by title to podcasts (and episodes) in a single app in order to find new and interesting podcasts to listen to.

### Future Features:
1. Newsfeed will include new episodes of podcasts I subscribe to.
2. Login will be embedded on website's homepage instead of a separate page.
3. Podcasters can advertise live shows, etc. in their subscribers' newsfeed; settings to allow users to opt in/out of such notices.

### Photo Credit
Photo by [Max Wolfs](https://unsplash.com/photos/yrVv6pwVp78) on [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/)

### License

Copyright &copy; 2018 Esti Shay, Jeff Bailey
